The Project Gutenberg eBook of Chambers's Journal of Popular Literature, Science, and Art, fifth series, no. 146, vol. III, October 16, 1886
    
This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: Chambers's Journal of Popular Literature, Science, and Art, fifth series, no. 146, vol. III, October 16, 1886

Author: Various

Release date: January 25, 2025 [eBook #75204]

Language: English

Original publication: United Kingdom: William and Robert Chambers, 1853

Credits: Susan Skinner, Eric Hutton and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from images generously made available by The Internet Archive)


*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CHAMBERS'S JOURNAL OF POPULAR LITERATURE, SCIENCE, AND ART, FIFTH SERIES, NO. 146, VOL. III, OCTOBER 16, 1886 ***





[Illustration:

CHAMBERS’S JOURNAL

OF

POPULAR

LITERATURE, SCIENCE, AND ART

Fifth Series

ESTABLISHED BY WILLIAM AND ROBERT CHAMBERS, 1832

CONDUCTED BY R. CHAMBERS (SECUNDUS)

NO. 146.—VOL. III.      SATURDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1886.      PRICE 1½_d._]




CAVE-HUNTING IN YORKSHIRE.


The finest county in all England is the great shire of York, with its
rugged coast, and its rolling plains dotted with many a noble church,
its wild moorlands and lofty fells, its fertile valleys with their
monastic ruins and crumbling castle-keeps. Every Yorkshireman is proud
of his county, whether he be foxhunting Squire, lord of thousands of
its acres, or merchant-prince—a brawny artisan, toiling in one of its
great manufacturing towns, or a stalwart dalesman—a miner drifting for
lead in the north-west, or a pitman burrowing for coal in the south—the
sturdy yeoman-farmer of the wolds, or bluff fisherman on the shores of
the wild North Sea—for is it not a very epitome of his country?

Micklefell, Whernside, Ingleborough, Penyghent, and many a mountain
crest on the west, the bold chalk headland and wondrous caverns of
Flamborough, with the romantic stretch of cliffs round Robin Hood Bay
to eastward, afford scenery of the grandest description. Swaledale,
Teesdale, Wensleydale, Nidderdale, and Wharfedale, with the rich plain
of York beyond stretching away to the tilled slopes of the wolds and
Hambleton Hills, are gems of softer beauty. The big towns of Leeds,
Sheffield, Bradford, Wakefield, are seats of busy commerce, whose black
smoke pollutes the air, whilst the snorting engine and thundering
steam-hammer resound both night and day. The broad Humber bears on
its tide-ruffled bosom great fleets from Hull and Goole, which carry
their wares to every corner of the world. Fountains, Bolton, Rievaulx,
Kirkstall, Pervaulx, and lesser abbeys, tell of past glories; whilst
York, Ripon, Selby, Beverley, and Bridlington minsters are still
glories of to-day. The castles of York, Bolton, Knaresborough, Wressle,
Conisbrough, Pontefract, Helmsley, Scarborough, and other relics of
troublous times yet look down upon this peaceful nineteenth century.
The battlefields of Stamford Bridge, Northallerton, Wakefield, Towton,
and Marston Moor still speak of the share Yorkshire had in making
England’s history; and grand old York, with its ancient churches and
minster, its frowning Bars, and encircling city walls, recalls past
fame and grandeur, when the legions garrisoned it as ‘Eboracum,’
the chief seat of the Roman power in Britain (when London was an
insignificant village) long before Saxon and Dane fought in the narrow
streets for possession of it as ‘Eoforwic.’ For the archæologist, the
botanist, the painter, and the sportsman, old ‘Eurewicshire’ is a happy
hunting-ground indeed; the antiquary and philologist alike find it a
rich storehouse of quaint customs and strange dialects; whilst to the
geologist and physiographist, it is a charming text-book, written in
bold graceful language, with many beautiful and wondrous illustrations.

But besides all this, Yorkshire offers vast delights to the explorer
and lover of adventure, in the curious subterranean water-courses and
awesome caverns which abound in the limestone ranges of the north-west.
Less famous than the underground chambers of Derbyshire, they are yet
more numerous, and, with two or three exceptions, are utterly free from
the desecrating presence of the inveterate ‘guide,’ who rushes you
through them, working unseemly havoc the while with Queen’s English, as
he waves his tallow candle, and bids attention to the features of the
show. It is true that Clapham Cave and Stump Cross Caverns are regular
stock tourist properties, where the lessees give admission and provide
illuminants at a fixed charge per head; but he who would see the weird,
lonely passages of Ingleborough and Penyghent must find his own way,
and carry a goodly supply of candles with him, for the Great ‘Alum Pot’
is not a Poole’s Cavern which glares bravely when the gas is turned
on; and no urchin hastens before to stick torches in the crevices
and fissures of Catknot Hole. The real cave-hunter will rejoice at
this, and fixing his headquarters at one of the little inns in the
neighbourhood, will don his canvas overalls and stiff felt hat, and go
forth jubilantly, well stocked with ‘dips’ and matches, not forgetting
luncheon and the cheering pipe. Of course, if the caves are only to be
viewed and peeped into, the ‘overalls’ are needless; but if a thorough
exploration is intended, then, in addition, a stout rope some twelve
yards long at least, and two companions, should be taken, for abrupt
descents occur which are impassable without a rope and strong arms to
hold it.

Ingleborough, with its younger brother Simon Fell, is the central
landmark of the great cave district—a district lying between Penyghent
and Gragreth, Cam Fell, and the village of Clapham, and measuring
roughly nine miles square, which contains all the chief Yorkshire
caves and ‘pot holes,’ with the exception of a group in the limestone
at the head of Nidderdale—one or two at Settle and Kilnsey, and the
famous ‘Stump Cross’ Cavern, which lies a little off the mountain road
running over from Pateley Bridge into Wharfedale. The picturesque
village of Ingleton is a pleasant headquarters from which to see
Clapham and Yordas Caves, and whence Ingleborough and Whernside may
be ascended; but if intent on systematically doing the district, the
lonely _Gearstones Inn_, which stands on the moors some seven or
eight miles on the road which runs up Chapel-le-dale over to Hawes in
Wensleydale, is the best place to put up at. Here, within easy reach,
are Douk Caves, long water-worn tunnels piercing the limestone scaurs
which flank the Ingleborough range, wherein is nothing curious except
a circular opening like a well, which brings down a beam of light, and
gives a glimpse of blue sky thirty feet up through the rock.

Higher up the scaurs are the curious holes, or ‘pots’ as they are
locally termed, ‘Meregill,’ Barefootwives, and Hardrawkin. The first
is a slit in the ground about forty yards long, ranging from two to
nine, and bridged now and again by stones and turf; and you can plumb
it to a depth of a hundred feet, fifty at least being under water.
Hardrawkin is a pot or fissure nine yards deep, which lies between two
narrow caves, both of which may be explored, though water often covers
the floors. Near the little gabled church of Chapel-le-dale, rendered
notable by Southey’s _Doctor_, is Wethercote, and its complements
Jingle and Hurtlepots, one of the sights of the district. The top of
Wethercote is level with the ground, about fifty yards long and sixteen
wide, though it narrows towards the ends. Descending fifty feet we come
upon a rough arch of rock, and passing under it, are in the middle of
the pot, and again descend until the bottom is reached, forty good
yards below the surface of the ground. Right in front and eighteen
yards above is an opening in the wall of rock; and from it a stream
of water leaps in a thundering cascade, filling the pot with spray,
and then diving with a shuddering rush into a low cave, disappears on
its underground course to Jingle and Hurtle Pots, three hundred yards
lower down the dale. The first of these is twenty yards long, and ten
to three broad and fifteen deep; and the last, twenty-five yards by
fifteen, and about twenty-five deep, with a sullen black pool nine or
ten yards deep, from which no outlet is apparent. When the stream is
low, it flows far out of sight; but after heavy rain, it can be heard
and seen swirling in the dark depths of these pots; and it ‘hurtles’
out of, and thus gives name to, the larger of the two. But when the
‘floods are out,’ the sight is grand and terrible, for then Wethercote
fills entirely, and overflowing, foams a torrent down the mossy ravine
which scores the land above the unseen water-course below. In the
hillside at the back of Gearstones is a winding passage, Catknot Hole,
which a guide-book says ‘contains romantic cascades and precipices,
and is near four hundred yards long.’ Three of us struggled again into
our thick wet boots one evening, after dining sumptuously in the inn
kitchen upon ham and eggs, and having cajoled the buxom hostess into
presenting us each with a tallow dip of yellow hue and evil savour,
we forded the stream in the darkness, and groped our way into the
cavern’s mouth to view the said cascades. A stream flowing a foot deep
suggested the advisability of doffing boots and stockings in view of a
long tramp on the morrow. So, barefooted and with sputtering candles,
we began the ascent, and toiled on for fifty minutes, until the dips
being nearly used up, and the long passage—which was so narrow that it
was difficult to force an onward way—seeming to wind on for ever, the
retreat was sounded, and we struggled back, counting nine hundred paces
till we reached the entrance, with an ounce of candle among the three.
Of ‘cascades and precipices’ we saw never a sign; but on squeezing past
sharp bends, we plentifully plastered ourselves with soft calcareous
deposits, which our jackets showed next morning to be strongly
impregnated with oxide of iron.

On the slopes of Penyghent are some half-dozen ‘pots,’ besides numerous
openings into the ground, each with a streamlet issuing from or else
plunging into it. The whole of this limestone district is, in fact,
completely honeycombed by hidden passages and water-worn channels,
and often a fall of roof lets daylight and the explorer into the dark
passages which pierce the hillsides in all directions. ‘Hull’ and
‘Hunt’ Pots are the finest and chief of the Penyghent series; the
former a huge quarry-like hole with perpendicular sides, some seventeen
yards long by thirty deep, and from ten to thirty wide, into which a
stream—or beck, as the local term is—leaps, making in floods a fine
fall. Hunt Pot is more curious, and really is a pot in the floor of a
pot; the upper one being about thirty yards by eighteen and ten deep,
and having in the centre a narrow chasm, five or six yards across at
the widest part, narrowing to three at a depth of twelve yards. Into
the narrow end, a beck from Penyghent’s bold crest falls, filling
the black depths with mist, till it reaches the bottom of the pot,
sixty-five yards below; and then it flows in darkness, crossing—so
tradition says—the stream from Hull Pot, until it issues in the valley
as Bransil Beck, and finds its way into the infant river Ribble.

But the grandest of all these Ingleborough pots and caves, and the one
which offers the most risk, and needs withal a steady nerve as well
as a fearless heart if it is to be really seen and properly known, is
‘Alum Pot,’ lying on the north-west shoulder of Simon Fell, a mile
above the ruined and deserted village of Selside, whose roofless and
crumbling cottages and farmsteads are a fit prelude to the weird
loneliness and awesomeness which seem to cling about this great
chain of gloomy caverns. A rough stone wall has been built to protect
the main chasm, or Alum Pot proper; and clambering over its jagged
edges, we are face to face with a tremendous cleft, which can only be
described by the word awful—sixty yards long by from ten to twenty
wide. At the southern end, a beck comes sliding over the mossy edge,
and then leaps shuddering into unseen depths, whilst a thin cold mist
rises up out of the blackness. Across the pot, near the narrow end,
are two balks of timber, fixed years ago, when a party of gentlemen
descended this shaft; and carefully walking along them, we reach the
middle, and look down into the tremendous hole, and see nothing but
slimy walls of rock covered with lichens, and here and there great
hartstongues hanging in the gloom, and waving in a chill upcurrent of
air which blows steadily from the sunless depths. The first impression
is one of nameless dread and shrinking, an effect only heightened when
a large stone is dropped into the yawning gulf, and we strain ears
for six long seconds before it strikes at all; and then, for several
moments after, hear it falling still, rebounding lower and lower in
unknown abysses beneath the plank which holds us up. After gazing
steadily downwards until the eye becomes used to the chill gloom, we
catch sight of a sloping dark-green plain far below, from which a stone
will roll into deeper depths beneath, and see, some thirty yards down
the northern side, a huge dark arch, which ends a passage coming in
from the hillside.

Without a very long stout rope, it is impossible to descend Alum Pot
from the bridge-balks; and to swing freely over a visible gulf which
is in all three hundred yards deep is a stiff trial for ordinary
nerves. So, rescaling the wall, we climb some hundred and fifty yards
westward up the hillside, until we come upon several openings in the
ground known collectively as Longchurn and Diccan Pots. Dropping into
the hollow, we see two passages leading in different directions, and
can hear in the unseen distance the roar of water on its way to Alum
Pot. About ten yards down, the lower passage joins one in which a
stream is foaming; and a piece of burning magnesium ribbon lights up
a goodly cavern, and shows a small cascade seven or eight feet high
which glistens milk-white in the brightness; and plunging into the cold
waters hurrying onwards, we follow them in their winding channel, often
down abrupt descents and tiny falls, for, say, sixty yards or more,
until a roomier passage strikes off to the right. The stream flows
straight on for some score yards, and then joins one which flows at
right angles on a lower level, coming from a more westerly direction.
If wading be a weakness, this route may be followed; but as underground
becks are decidedly cold, even in July, the drier and loftier channel
offers decided advantages. After many windings and one or two steep
drops, passing lesser openings which branch off on either hand, a large
and lofty chamber is reached, studded with rough rocks, terminating
in a black and apparently bottomless abyss, across which a gleam
of twilight struggles in from the Great Alum Pot through the arch,
which is seen when looking down from the bridge. This gulf is about
thirty-six yards deep, and is curiously divided down the middle by a
long thin rock, which is reached after a descent of some ten or twelve
yards, and affords a precarious resting-place before descending the
other fifteen yards, which brings us to the mossy sloping rock visible
from the top of the pot, and which crosses it at the northern end.
About thirty yards along this is a break where a rock slopes down to a
lower level, and forms a bridge over a depth of at least thirty-five
yards; but past this, the way is easy to the south end, where the
waterfall comes down from the edge of the pot, seventy yards above,
to fall still twenty yards before it strikes the rocks. Descending to
this level, a series of steps down yet six or seven yards leads to two
further falls of some thirty and ten feet each, and then the water goes
onward along a passage and disappears in darkness.

The great descent of Alum Pot was made many years ago, when the balks
of timber already mentioned were thrown across at the top by several
gentlemen in the neighbourhood, and the engineers who were constructing
a line of railway near Settle. Upon the bridge thus formed a winch was
fixed, and the explorers were let down in a bucket, two at a time,
plumb seventy yards to the rocks where the waterfall strikes, thus
avoiding the long tiring descent of the passage from Longchurn. The
last fifty feet gave each bucket-load a drenching, for it brought them
directly under the falling water—a very effective douche-bath. Leaving
the pot, they followed the stream for forty yards down the passage
until they came into a lofty cavern where was a waterfall forty feet in
height, formed by another subterranean streamlet; and passing through
this, and continuing for thirty yards further, they reached a circular
hole where the water sank in a miniature whirlpool; and that was the
end of the mysterious Alum Pot. Where the water goes to, is uncertain;
it is said to flow under Selside village, and come to light again
either in a muddy pot called Footnaws, twelve yards deep; or else to
pass under the bed of the Ribble, and reappear in Turn Dub, a quiet
pool ten yards across, out of which a goodly stream flows steadily into
the river. One reason why the country-people hold Turn Dub to be the
outlet is that, when a marble quarry which lies just above Longchurn
Pot was being worked, the water in the Dub was milky and muddy like the
stream which flowed into Alum Pot.

The next most curious group of caverns lies out of the Ingleborough
district altogether, at the head of Nidderdale, about the hamlets of
Middlesmoor and Lofthouse, where comfortable quarters may be had in
their unpretentious inns. On Howsteanbeck, which comes down a romantic
gorge, are several chambers easy of access; and in a field on the
Middlesmoor side is an opening which leads into a long underground
passage known as Eglin’s Hole, of unknown extent. The roof is in many
parts so low that crawling is an absolute necessity; and as the floor
is often covered with soft mud, and there is nothing particular to
see, no large chambers or curious formations, the time required for
this tunnel may be far more advantageously spent in exploring the most
famous and interesting cavern of all, ‘Goyden Pot,’ which lies two
miles above Lofthouse, close to the farmstead of Limley, and which
carries the river Nidd mysteriously underground to below Lofthouse
Church. The mouth of this miscalled ‘pot’ is at the foot of a cliff
seven or eight yards high, on the boulder-filled bed of what was the
river before it broke its way into the hillside, and which is swept
by a noisy torrent still in heavy floods, when the waters fill the
cavern to overflowing. A passage varying in height from two to five
yards, and about one hundred yards long, with offshoots running right
and left, leads, after several descending turns, into a huge chamber,
filled with the roar and unseen spray of falling waters; and magnesium
ribbon reveals a weird and frightful scene—a deep abyss in front and
below, a dome of blackness overhead, on the left a plunging cascade of
flashing water, twenty feet at least in height. Opposite and across
the yawning gulf, a dark archway marks where a passage leads higher up
into the mountain; whilst to right, the stream still foaming after its
leap, gurgles and rushes round a bend into a lower pitch-dark tunnel.
In dry weather, a descent can be made by the aid of a rope down the
side of the chasm, and the stream can be followed often waist-high for
a long distance. No one, in the memory of living man, has succeeded
in following the water into daylight; but it certainly has yet to be
proved that it cannot be done, and though twice baffled, we only wait a
favourable opportunity to make another determined attempt. Long settled
dry weather is absolutely necessary, as, owing to the steepness of the
sides of the narrow valley, a single thunder-shower will raise the
level of the river several feet in half an hour; and the tree-roots and
other massive debris which are plentifully wedged in the crevices of
the roof of the cavern are sufficient evidence of the undesirability of
being caught by the tide, so to speak, in Goyden Pot.

Such are some of the Yorkshire caves; and those fond of adventure and
rough healthy scrambling will find many a day’s enjoyment therein, and
spend, moreover, many a pleasant hour amongst the sturdy dalesmen,
hearing quaint country legends, told in a dialect homely and rough,
and seeing something of what life is like unaffected by the hurry of
the great world outside the hills around. But let not the fastidious
venture in those wilds, for ham and eggs—eggs and ham—become monotonous
when doing duty daily for breakfast, luncheon, dinner; and though
hospitable and open-hearted enough, yet the dalesfolk look upon all,
even Yorkshiremen who are not natives, as ‘furiners.’




BY ORDER OF THE LEAGUE.


CHAPTER VII.

It was a little after five on the following afternoon that Sir Geoffrey
walked from his house into the square. He seemed, by his uneasy air,
as if he was afraid of having his movements watched, for he stopped,
hesitated, and finally walked away quickly in the direction of Upper
Brook Street. Calling a hansom, he was driven to one of the quiet
approaches, half town, half country, beyond Paddington, where he
dismissed his cab. He then walked quickly on till he reached his
destination—a well-appointed though sombre-looking establishment; and
there, after some hesitation, he knocked. The room he was shown into
was laid out with preparations for dinner; and just as the little clock
over the mantel struck the half-hour after six, Le Gautier entered. He
greeted his guest quietly, almost coldly, and rang the bell to order
the meal. It was a quiet little dinner, really irreproachable in its
way—the appropriate wines being perfect, for Le Gautier by no means
despised the pleasures of the table, and, moreover, was not the man to
spare where he had a purpose to serve.

‘Well, Sir Geoffrey,’ he said, toying with his glass, when the meal
had concluded—it was past eight now, and the light was beginning to
fail—‘do you feel equal to the coming trial?’

‘O yes,’ the baronet replied eagerly, though his face was perturbed
and the glass in his hand shook. ‘Let us get it over; this suspense is
killing me. Sometimes I fancy you are playing some devilish arts upon
me. I doubt the evidence of my senses.’

‘You do not doubt,’ Le Gautier answered sternly. ‘Listen!’

The light in the room was fading, and nothing distinctly could be
seen save the glimmer of the waning day upon glass and silver. At the
moment, the strains of music were heard, low and soft at first, then
swelling louder, but always melancholy. It was quite impossible to tell
whence it came—it seemed to strike the ear as if the earth was full of
the sweet sounds. Suddenly it ceased, and a sigh like a mournful wind
broke the stillness.

‘It might be my dead brother himself playing,’ Sir Geoffrey said, in
great agitation. ‘The organ was his favourite instrument. Strange that
the music should be so familiar to me!’

‘Do you doubt now? Le Gautier asked. ‘Does your unbelieving mind still
run upon trickery or mechanism, or are you convinced?’

‘I must believe,’ the weak old man replied; ‘I have no alternative. I
put myself in your hands. Tell me what I am to do.’

‘Your own conscience must guide you, and what the spirits will to-night
must be obeyed. It is no question for me to decide; I am merely the
humble instrument, the medium between one world and another. I dare not
advise you. When your nerves are sufficiently braced to meet the dead,
I will restore the communication.—Are you afraid?’

‘No, no!’ cried the baronet; ‘I am not afraid.’

A cold, icy hand touched him on the cheek, and a low voice whispered
in his ear the words: ‘You are!’ Trembling, frightened, he rose from
his chair; and then suddenly the room was filled with a great light,
showing the baronet’s set face, and Le Gautier’s pallid features
wearing a sardonic smile. Hardly had the light appeared, when it was
gone, leaving the room in double darkness at the change. A yell of
harsh, discordant laughter rang out, dying away to a moan.

‘What is that, Le Gautier?’ Sir Geoffrey asked. ‘Is this all real, or
am I merely dreaming?’

‘The spirits laugh at your audacity. You boasted you were not afraid,
whilst you are trembling in every limb. You dare not say it again!’

‘I am alarmed, mystified,’ he said; ‘but I am not afraid.’

A mocking shout of laughter followed this speech, and the words, ‘You
lie!’ as if uttered in chorus, were distinctly heard. A cold hand
clutched Sir Geoffrey by the throat, holding him till he could hardly
breathe. In his intense agitation, he snatched at a shadowy arm, and
suddenly the hand relaxed its grip. Le Gautier struck a match and
lighted the candles.

‘Are you afraid now?’ he asked quietly.

‘O yes, yes; anything to save me from that horrid grasp! My throat is
aching with the pressure.’

Le Gautier looked at the finger-marks calmly. He was acting splendidly,
not overdoing the affair in the slightest, and, on the other hand, not
appearing altogether indifferent. He was playing for a high stake, and
it required all his cunning, all his cool audacity, to win. To the
casual observer, he might have been an enthusiastic believer.

‘You have seen enough,’ he commenced quietly, but with an air of the
most profound conviction—‘you have seen enough to know that the time
for delay is past, and the hour for action has arrived. The spirits
to-night are incensed with you; they are furious at this delay; and
unless you solemnly promise to carry out my proposals, I shall not risk
our lives by any manifestation to-night.’

‘What am I to do?’ Sir Geoffrey cried piteously. ‘I put myself entirely
in your hands. Tell me my duty, and I promise to follow it.’

‘So much the better for you,’ quoth Le Gautier sternly. ‘Listen! You
know I am a member of a great Secret Society. In the first place, you
must join that; and let me tell you, your late brother was a member,
and took the keenest interest in its movements. You must join!’

‘I knew my brother was embroiled in some rascally Socialist plots,’
said Sir Geoffrey incautiously; ‘but I really do not see why I’—— He
stopped abruptly, for the same mournful sigh was heard, and a voice
whispered in the air, ‘Beware!’ With increased agitation, he continued:
‘If that is part of my penance, I must do so; though it is on the
strict understanding that I’——

‘It is on no understanding at all!’ Le Gautier thundered. ‘Who are you,
poor mortal, that you should make stipulations? We must have all or
nothing. Take it, or leave it!’

He looked straight across into the other’s face, his eyes burning with
their intensity. For a moment they sat thus, striving for the mastery.
Then Sir Geoffrey looked away. He was conquered.

‘Let it be so,’ he said. ‘Your will has conquered mine. Proceed, for I
see you have something more yet to say.’

Again the sigh was heard, and a voice said distinctly: ‘It is well.’
The music burst out again triumphant this time. When the last pealing
strains died away, Le Gautier continued: ‘Your brother died at New
York, as you know; but at that time, he was on the business of the
Society. No man had his heart so firmly set upon the cause as he, no
man has been so missed. You would never be able to take his place; but
you can help us indirectly; you can aid us with what we most need, and
that is money. You shall see the shade of Sir Ughtred presently, and
hold converse with him; but, on the peril of your life, do not move
from the spot where I shall place you.’

‘Let us go now,’ Sir Geoffrey cried eagerly. ‘Why should we waste any
more time talking here?’

‘Because things are not prepared. The shades from another world do not
come forth at a moment’s bidding to show themselves to mortal eyes,
though the air is full of them now.’

Sir Geoffrey looked uneasily around for any traces of these ghostly
visitors, though he could see nothing; nevertheless, the idea of a
chamber full of supernatural bodies was by no means pleasant.

‘Then our pact is complete,’ Le Gautier continued. ‘Briefly, it stands
thus: I am to show you such things as you wish to see; and in return,
you become a member of our Brotherhood, swearing to promote its welfare
by all the means in your power. Quick! say the word, for I feel the
unseen influence upon me.’

‘Yes, yes—agreed; only show me my brother.’

As Sir Geoffrey spoke, a change came over Le Gautier’s face; the
baronet watching him, perfectly fascinated. The medium’s eyes grew
larger and more luminous, his features became rigid, and he moved like
a man who walks in a dream. His gaze was fixed upon the other, but
there was no sense of recognition there—all was blank and motionless.
He rose from his chair, moving towards the door, his hands groping for
it like the action of the blind, and he beckoned to Sir Geoffrey to
follow him out along the dark passage.

‘Come!’ he said in a strange hollow voice—‘come with me! The spirits
are abroad, and have need of me!’

The room they entered was situated at the back of the house, having
a large old-fashioned bay window of the shape and form one sees in
the banqueting-room of old country-houses—a long narrow room, draped
entirely in black; and the only light in the place proceeded from two
small oil-lamps held by white Parian statues. As the twain entered,
the draperies were violently agitated, as if by a sudden wind; an icy
current seemed to strike them full in the face. A chair, impelled
forward by an unseen hand, was pushed across the bare floor, and Sir
Geoffrey, at a motion from his companion, seated himself therein. Le
Gautier stepped forward towards the window, and lighted a flat brasier,
sprinkling some sort of powder upon it, and immediately the room was
filled with a dense violet mist, through which the oil-lamps shone
dimly. The weird music commenced again, and as it died away, a loud
report was heard, and the curtains across the window were wrenched
apart, disclosing an open space. As Sir Geoffrey gazed into it, a form
began to appear, misty at first, then getting gradually clearer, till
the watcher saw the figure of a girl, dim and slight, for he could see
the woodwork of the window behind, but clear enough to see she was
fair and young, with thick masses of long yellow hair hanging over her
shoulders, and half hiding her face from sight. There was a look of
sadness on the brow.

‘You may speak,’ the strange hollow tones of Le Gautier came through
the mist. ‘If you have any questions to ask, put them; but, at the
peril of your life, do not attempt to move.’

With the most reverent and holy belief in the reality of the scene
before him, Sir Geoffrey gazed at the downcast features. To his
diseased mind, he was on the borderland of another world, and the very
thought of speaking to the bright vision was full of awe.

‘Who are you?’ he said at length in tremulous tones. ‘Let me know who
it is with whom I speak.’

‘I am your better self,’ the vision spoke; and the voice sounded faint
and distant, yet very sweet, like music on the waters. ‘I am your
good spirit, your guardian angel. I stand by you night and day, the
presiding deity of the honour of the House of Charteris.’

This artful stroke gave the listener confidence, and flattered his
family pride. ‘Has every man a spirit such as you?’ he asked.

‘Every man who is by nature noble—yes. To every one who has courage and
genius, one of my sisters belongs. I am the guiding star of your House.
I have stood by you and yours in the hour of need. I saw your father
die. I saw your brother’s deathbed. It is of him you would speak?’

‘It is,’ the baronet cried boldly. ‘What of him?’

‘You owe him a heavy debt of reparation,’ the vision continued sadly.
‘In life, you were not always friends; in death, you were not with him.
He left a family. Are you aware of that, selfish mortal?’

‘I did not know; I never knew. But it is not yet too late to atone.
Tell me where they are, and I will go to them.’

‘It is too late!’ the figure replied in tones of deepest sorrow. ‘They
are dead—dead of neglect; nay, more, starvation. They will not dispute
your sway now. While you had flattery and adulation, while you lived in
luxury and splendour, your kith and kin lacked bread.’

‘But surely some atonement can be made?’

‘Too late—too late! Nothing can avail them now, no specious sophistry,
no outward appearance of remorse. You can atone, though slightly, by
completing the work your brother began in life. Know that at your very
door, proud man, thousands of your fellow-creatures are starving,
ground down in the dust by injustice and oppression. You can help to
lighten this burden; you can help these men, who, poor and savage as
they are, are yet men, and brothers.’

‘I will!’ Sir Geoffrey cried eagerly—‘I will! Only show me how; and let
me see my brother, if only for a brief moment.’

‘That is well,’ the figure replied with a radiant smile. ‘As for the
means, I must leave that to you. But you shall see your brother, if
only for a moment.—And now, farewell.’

‘But stay another minute. I’——

The farewell was repeated, coming to the listener’s ears as from afar
off, fainter and fainter, as the violet mist rose again, filling the
room with a dense fragrant smoke, through which the rigid figure of Le
Gautier could be dimly seen erect and motionless.

When the mist cleared away again, the figure of a man grew visible.
Perfect, yet intangible, he stood there, muffled in a long cloak, and
his features partially hidden by a soft broad-brimmed hat. At this
spectacle, Sir Geoffrey’s agitation increased, and great drops stood
upon his forehead.

‘It is he—my brother!’ he groaned, starting from his feet; but again
the word ‘Beware!’ seemed to be hissed in his ear. ‘My dear brother, do
not look at me like that. It was no fault of mine, I swear.’

The figure answered not, but looking the wretched man in the face,
pointed down to his feet, where two thin, emaciated children crouched,
evidently in the last stage of disease and starvation.

‘What atonement can you make for this?’ was asked in the stern tones
the listener knew so well. ‘Man! in the enjoyment of what should, under
happier auspices, have been mine, what do you say to this?’ He pointed
down to the crouching children again, sternly yet sadly.

‘Anything,’ the baronet exclaimed—‘anything, so that you do not torture
me like this! It is no fault of mine. I did not know. But anything in
my power I will do, and do gladly.’

‘Well for you that you have spoken thus! You shall complete the work I
began in life, and the man called Hector le Gautier shall help you with
his aid and counsel.—You have a daughter?’

‘I have—your niece Enid. What do you know of her?’

‘Much; perhaps more than you.—Listen! and interrupt me at your peril.
You may have views for her; perhaps she has chosen for herself. Am I
right? But this must not be! Hector le Gautier must wed her!’

‘But I have other views. There is already’——

‘Do you dare to cross me?’ the vision sternly asked. ‘Have not I and
mine suffered enough at your hands? Promise, or’——

He stopped abruptly, and again the sighing voice whispered ‘Beware!’
In an agony of terror, the baronet looked round; but the dark eyes
never seemed to leave him. So frightened was he, so stricken by this
cunningly devised display, that he dared not defy the figure standing
there before him.

‘I promise,’ he shouted at last—‘I promise.’

‘’Tis well,’ the vision said. ‘From this moment, you are free. You
will see me no more; but if you dare swerve a hairbreadth from our
compact, then you shall find my vengeance swift and terrible. Geoffrey,
farewell!’

‘But, Ughtred; one moment more—I’——

A deep shuddering sigh broke the silence, and the figure was gone.
Almost distracted, Sir Geoffrey rushed forward to the curtains, which
had again fallen, but nothing was there. The smoke cleared away, and
once again the room was quiet.

Le Gautier opened his eyes, and gradually life and motion came back
to him, as he awoke like a man from a trance. ‘Are you satisfied,’ he
asked, ‘with what you have seen?’

‘Wonderful!’ the trembling baronet replied. ‘It was my brother to the
life—the very voice even. You heard the compact?’

‘I, my dear Sir Geoffrey? No, indeed,’ Le Gautier exclaimed in a voice
of great surprise. ‘Recollect, I heard nothing; my faculties were
torpid; they formed the medium through which sights and sounds were
conveyed to you.’

‘And you heard absolutely nothing?’

‘Absolutely nothing.—But, of course, if there happened to be anything
which concerned me, you can tell me at your convenience.—And now, I
think we have had enough of spirits for one night, unless you would
like something to steady your nerves?’

Sir Geoffrey declined the proffered refreshment, pleading the lateness
of the hour and his desire to get home. Le Gautier did not detain
him; and after a few words, they parted; the one to dwell upon the
startling events of the evening, and the other to complete his plans.
It was a neat stroke of Le Gautier’s to disclaim any knowledge of the
conversation, the rather that the delicate allusion to his relations
with Enid were mentioned, and besides which, it acquitted him from any
awkward confidences.

‘The game is in my hands,’ the schemer mused an hour later, as he sat
over his last cigar. ‘Would any one believe that a man of education,
I almost said sense, could be such a fool?—Hector, _mon ami_, you
will never starve as long as there is a Charteris in the world. The
opportunity has long been coming, but the prize is mine at last;’ and
with these words, the virtuous young man went to bed, nothing in his
dreams telling him that his destruction was only a question of time,
and that his life was in the hands of two vengeful women.




KENTISH HOPS.


The country can show few prettier pictures than a hop-garden in a sunny
August. The bines twine vigorously round the rustic poles, while the
side-shoots hang down in graceful festoons or from pole to pole in
tasteful wreaths. Rich clusters of burr hanging from every joint bend
down the slender tendrils, until it seems that every moment they must
break; and but for tying and stringing, break they often would. But if
the graceful plants are picturesque in themselves, it is when viewed
as a whole that the hop-garden has its greatest charm. Stretching away
in endless succession, until lost in the narrowed distance, is bower
upon bower, in which Robin Goodfellow and all his merry crew would be
at home. Everywhere there is a wanton luxuriance which seems to belong
to nature rather than to industry. The artificial stiffness of the long
lines of poles is hidden by their wealth of greenery. In many gardens,
too, the hops are still planted in the good old-fashioned style—in
groups of three on ‘hills’—festooned in irregular triangles, each of
them a verdant arbour. Through the masses of foliage, the sunshine
gleams merrily, lighting up the bright yellow catkins, and creating a
thousand contrasts of light and shade. The pungent sweetness of the
air gives an added charm to the picture, which appeals to the several
senses with a rare witchery. We have little need, while we have our
hop-gardens, to envy the vineyards of more sunny climes; and it may
be a national prejudice, but we take leave to doubt whether in point
of the picturesque they do not bear the palm. But the comparison is
superfluous.

We, as a nation, are proud of our hop-growing counties. We point
triumphantly to the ‘fruit,’ which is, or ought to be, the staple of
our national beverage. In one respect, however, the culture of the hop
sadly resembles that of the grape. Both are terribly hazardous. Not
even the dreaded phylloxera is more devastating than the red spider.
The oidium is not more deadly than mould, and both diseases, curiously,
require to be treated by sulphuring. Hops, like vines, are subject to
plagues of vermin. The hop-fly is a terrible pest, and when, as often
happens, it attacks the bines at the same time as mildew, the case is
almost hopeless, for sulphuring cannot be employed. According to the
popular theory, sulphur, although it revives the blighted bines, makes
the fly more vigorous; so that, as the fresh sap rises, it effects such
a lodgment in the plant that recovery becomes hopeless. No more dismal
spectacle can be imagined than a blighted hop plantation. The blackened
bines cling listlessly to the poles. Here and there, a few young but
sickly shoots give proof of a vain effort to throw off the pestilence,
which seems to threaten the very existence of the parent stem.

Hop-culture, indeed, has manifold dangers in our treacherous climate.
In dry seasons, the crop is often so light as hardly to pay for the
picking; while, unless there be sunshine and to spare, and, above all,
a long spell of warm nights, the burr hardly ripens, and the hops
cannot be got in anything like condition. It is not perhaps generally
known that although this is a special branch of agriculture, and calls
for a high degree of skill and care, there are many varieties of
hops which are suited to many different soils, and will thrive under
different conditions. It is a common saying in hop counties that one
good crop every seven years will pay; so that it may well be asked
whether, notwithstanding the risk, a much greater area could not be
advantageously put under hops in England? On soils and in situations
where the famous ‘Goldings’ or ‘Whitebines’ will not do well, ‘Grapes’
often thrive. Then a kind known by the familiar name of ‘Jones’s’ have
long been profitably grown on light and poor land; and on stiff soils,
‘Colegates,’ a late and very hardy variety, have done well. Flemish
red bines, too, although an inferior sort, often succeed in bad years,
since they are less susceptible to blight. So there is plenty of choice
for agriculturists.

There is good reason for believing that hops were known to the
Anglo-Saxons, whether or not they introduced them into Britain; for the
name is admittedly derived from the Anglo-Saxon _hoppan_, ‘to climb.’
There is, however, a distich:

    Turkey, carps, hoppes, pickard, and beer,
    Came into England all in one year—

whence has arisen the notion that the plant was not known in this
kingdom until the time of Henry VIII. But although the method of
cultivating the plant in vogue in the Low Countries may then have been
first introduced into England, as early as the year 1428 Parliament
was petitioned against the hop as a ‘wicked weed,’ showing that it was
then coming into use. It was not, however, until a century later that
it became a general ingredient in the manufacture of malt liquors,
and it was long chiefly imported; for the plant was not extensively
cultivated with us until the beginning of the seventeenth century. The
city of London did not look with favour upon the new industry, for they
petitioned the Long Parliament against ‘two nuisances or offensive
commodities which were likely to come into great use and esteem; and
that was Newcastle coal in regard of their stench, and hops in regard
that they would spoyl the taste of drink and endanger the people.’ The
petition, however, does not seem to have met with very great success,
for both industries soon increased to prodigious proportions. Hops were
presently taxed, and became a source of considerable revenue.

Kent was always the chosen hop county. Some seventy thousand acres
are now under this crop, and of these, forty thousand are in Kent
alone. Farnham is the centre of the hop district of Surrey. Then parts
of Hants and Sussex, Essex and Suffolk, Hereford and Worcester, and
even so far north as Notts, have long been cropped with hops; and
although success has been checkered with failure, the returns as a
whole have proved fairly remunerative. The yield is, of course, very
variable, ranging from eight to ten hundredweight per acre in a good
season, the heaviest crop on record being twenty-five hundredweight,
to five and even three or less in a bad one. The prices realised, too,
depend so much upon condition and quality that it is only possible
to give here the slightest indication. As much as twenty-five pounds
per hundredweight has been paid for the first ‘pockets’ on sale in
the Borough; but this is, of course, a phenomenal price. Owing to the
immense quantities of foreign hops in the market, prices in an ordinary
year seldom rule higher, for all but the very finest sorts, than from
nine to thirteen pounds per hundredweight. But although hop cultivation
is steadily on the increase in England, it by no means keeps pace
with the import trade. Every year we import many hundred thousand
hundredweight, of which about half comes from the United States, and
the remainder from Australia, Belgium, France, Würtemberg, Central
Germany, and Holland. Against this we export only a few thousand
hundredweight to India and some of the colonies.

From all this, it will be seen that there is room for a considerable
increase in the land under hop cultivation in this country. Nor, if the
culture of the plant be strictly subordinated to that of other crops,
need the risk be prohibitive. Moreover, a variety of uses have lately
been introduced for the waste of the crop. Little, for instance, has
hitherto been made out of the bines in this country; but within the
last few years they have been experimentally converted into ensilage
and found to form at once a valuable feeding material and a useful
tonic. Other uses have been found for them abroad. Thus, in Sweden,
they have long been treated so that they could be woven into a rough
kind of cloth. The process was formerly very tedious, consisting
chiefly of soaking them in water all the winter; but it has been
greatly expedited by treating them successively with alkaline lye and
acetic acid, when the fibre is at once ready for bleaching. This use
for hopbine has, however, for some unknown reason, never attracted much
attention in Great Britain. An English patent was once taken out for
using the plant for tanning purposes; but, so far as we know, it has
never been very successfully used; and the bine is still to a large
extent regarded as a waste product, or at best used as litter.




GEORGE HANNAY’S LOVE AFFAIR.


CHAPTER III.—SUCCESS AT LAST.

Alfred Roberton was too politic to make known the full extent of his
discomfiture. He made light of the matter: most authors had had their
difficulties at first, and why should he expect to escape? He made
himself very agreeable to the old gentleman. The short experience he
had had of trying to earn money had led him to reflect that a man
having a snug going business and a farm worth four or five thousand
pounds might not be such an undesirable father-in-law after all, even
though he _was_ an innkeeper. He threw greater fervour than ever into
his manner towards Anne, and talked in a gay and hopeful way of the
future. But she was too keen-sighted to be deceived; she read the
secret of his crushed hopes in his sunken eyes and cheeks, and was not
at all misled by his forced cheerfulness of manner. She forbore to
annoy him with prying questions, and affected in the meantime to see as
roseate a prospect as he himself did. When the colour came back to his
cheeks and he began to look more like his former self, she spoke to him
seriously. Would he allow her to see the returned manuscripts?

‘You know, Alfred,’ she said, ‘I have been a great reader of what
is called “light literature” in my day, and perhaps I might—from a
reader’s point of view, you know—happen to light on the secret of your
want of success. Give me two or three of your stories, and I will have
a look at them before I go to bed to-night.’

He was astonished! To think of this simple country girl proposing to
criticise his literary work!

‘Well, Nan, I’ll select two or three of my best,’ he said; ‘but I fear
you will prove far too indulgent a critic to be a just one.’

‘No, Alfred,’ the girl replied gravely; ‘you need not fear that. You
may depend that any faults that I may perceive will be carefully
pointed out to you. Don’t look for any kidglove treatment at my hands;
and be prepared, in any case, to keep your temper.’

The next morning, after breakfast, she handed him his papers back. He
could not possibly guess from her countenance what her impression had
been. Her face had an earnest, but not an altogether unhopeful look
about it; certainly, it did not show any signs at all of a wondering
admiration for his genius.

‘Well, sir, I’ve read your stories, as I promised I would. I will say
all my disagreeable things about them first. To begin: I think they
lack the narrative power which leads a reader on, once he has commenced
a story, and almost compels him to read it to the finish. Of course
he is disappointed at the denouement; but he is equally ready to be
cheated again by the next book he takes up, provided the author has the
same power to lure him on. I think the first aim of a magazine writer
should be to make his stories readable.’

‘And are not mine readable?’ he said, biting his lips and a frown
overshadowing his brow.

‘Ah, I see you are wincing, Alfred! But didn’t I warn you I would be a
severe critic? No; I did not say your stories were _not_ readable; but
they might be made much more so.’

And to his amazement, this young girl launched into a critical analysis
of the plots, characters, and treatment of his three stories; and her
remarks, strange to say, pretty closely agreed with those expressed by
the ignorant London editors! Nan had verily profited by her old lover’s
literary conversations; but Alfred knew nothing at all of that. She was
then graciously pleased to say a few words of commendation.

‘Your style of composition is far too even for that sort of work. It
lacks eccentricity’——

‘Pardon, Nan!’ he interrupted; ‘but are you serious? I have hitherto
understood eccentricity was considered a blemish in any author’s style.’

‘Nonsense!’ she said. ‘If not overdone, it lends a piquancy to writings
that without it would attract no attention and be passed by as prosy.
When an author happens to hit on a good original phrase, he should
“ring the changes” on it. The reader recognises it as an old friend met
under new circumstances, and is not at all displeased. An author who
can originate a few phrases, put them in his mental kaleidoscope, so
to speak, and sprinkle the resulting combinations through his book, is
said to have acquired “a style,” and his books are sought after.’

‘By Jove, Nan, but you surprise me!’ he cried, looking at her with a
puzzled air. ‘What, then, would you advise me to do?’

She was prepared for this question, and had been framing an answer
to it in her mind for some days past. Obviously, the most sensible
advice was for him to abandon his literary dreams, and settle down
to the pursuit of his profession. But then sensible advice is rarely
palatable, and still more rarely adopted. That he was determined to
make a mark of some kind in literature, was evident, and she rather
admired her lover’s indomitable pluck, in refusing to accept as final
the unfavourable criticisms of London editors. If he hadn’t been her
lover, she would probably have called it ‘stupid obstinacy.’ She
therefore determined to urge him on in his literary projects; he was
undoubtedly clever, and was certain, sooner or later, to see his
productions in print. When he reached that goal, the glamour which
possessed him would probably vanish; and he would then most likely
return to his profession, as a surer road to success and distinction.

‘Did you ever try the _Olympic_, Alfred?’ she said.

‘O no,’ he rejoined. ‘You see, it is more of a review. Besides, it is
a very high-class, exclusive magazine, and one not at all likely to
encourage beginners like me.’

‘I know they don’t publish stories,’ continued Nan; ‘but they have
often short descriptive articles. Now, I was thinking if you were to
send the editor a short sketch of some kind in your very best style, he
might perhaps put it in.’

‘And what kind of sketch would you propose?’ he inquired.

‘What would you think of “A Summer Ramble in Kirkcudbright?” she
replied. ‘The editor belongs to that quarter; and if the description of
the scenery and folks were well done, I think he might put it in.’

‘A capital idea, Nan. Why, I’ll set about it at once,’ he said
impetuously.

Alfred went to work with renewed hope and vigour. After ten days’
alternate rambling and writing, he one evening announced that his paper
was finished, and read it over to Nan in the parlour. On the whole
she gave a favourable verdict on its merits; and it was sealed up and
duly addressed to the editor of the _Olympic_. She had insisted on him
using a _nom de plume_. He chose that of ‘Ariel;’ and the address was:
‘Post-office, Glenluce.—To lie till called for.’

The evening passed pleasantly in chat and song; and when Nan rose to
bid good-bye for the night, she said: ‘By-the-bye, Alfred, you had
better give me your letter with the manuscript. I will see the postman
as he passes in the morning, and hand it to him.’

‘Nonsense, Nan!’ he returned. ‘Why, the mail-gig passes before six
o’clock. There’s no use in disturbing you so early. I will hand it to
him myself.’

She was inexorable in her request, however, and ended the dispute by
playfully seizing the letter, and tripping up-stairs before he could
prevent her. Once in the privacy of her own room, a strange change
came over her. With knitted brow and compressed lips, she slowly paced
the apartment. Evidently, she was making up her mind on some important
resolve. At last she clasped her hands and whispered to herself: ‘Yes;
I’ll do it—but is it fair?’

She had a tired and drowsy look next day; and when Alfred asked if
she had been in time to give the postman the all-important letter,
she answered somewhat petulantly in the affirmative. After a time he
took to walking to Glenluce daily to see if there were any letters for
‘Ariel.’ For ten days he came back empty-handed and dispirited; on
the eleventh he bounced into Nan’s private parlour in a state of wild
delight.

‘I knew it—I was sure of it, Nan!’ he cried, ‘that the moment my
writings came before a competent judge they would be fully appreciated.
Look! here is a bank draft for twenty pounds. It only took me ten days
to write the sketch. Why, it is payment at the rate of six hundred a
year!’

‘Was there a note with it?’ she asked quietly.

‘Yes; a precious short one, though. “The editor of the _Olympic_
acknowledges receipt of Ariel’s manuscript, which he accepts, and begs
to inclose bank draft for twenty pounds as an honorarium.” That is all.’

‘The editor has remunerated you very handsomely, I think,’ she said,
continuing her sewing. ‘But mind that one swallow does not make a
summer. Don’t be too sanguine. Other editors may not be so generous to
you.’

‘Stuff!’ he replied loftily. ‘Do you mean to say he would have sent so
much unless he knew he had got value, good value for it too? Do you
know, Nan, I made up my mind, after getting the letter, to start for
London to-morrow? I’ll call on the editor of the _Olympic_—perhaps he
may’——

‘On no account must you do that, Alfred!’ she cried, dropping her
sewing, and with a terrified look in her face. ‘Go to London, if you
think proper; though I think you would be foolishly spending money in
doing so. But you mustn’t call on the editor.’

‘And why mustn’t I call on him?’ he said in a displeased tone of voice.

‘I have reasons—private reasons of my own, Alfred, to wish you to
refrain from doing so,’ she replied a little awkwardly. ‘I cannot
explain them to you just yet; perhaps I may again. Meantime, you
must promise me solemnly not to call on him, or send him any more
contributions, unless you choose to do so in your own name. On no
account must he be made aware that you are “Ariel.” Remember, it was
through my advice you scored this first success; continue to follow it,
for I can assure you it is for your own good.’

He grumbled a good deal, but in the end agreed to the restriction
imposed on him. He held firm, however, to his intention of going to
London; and Anne did not press her objections further. He could not
understand why she was not more elated at this auspicious beginning of
his literary career. In fact, he fancied he saw a pained expression
passing over her countenance, when, in the exuberance of his spirits,
he enlarged on the brilliancy of his prospects in the metropolis.
Somehow or another, the success of ‘A Summer Ramble in Kirkcudbright’
detracted from rather than added to the happiness of the lovers. The
slightest possible degree of coldness sprung up between them. He
was annoyed, and even felt some distrust at the prohibition put on
him regarding the _Olympic_. That Nan was annoyed at something, was
apparent; but whether it was his anxiety to leave her and be off to the
scene of his future triumphs, or what it was, was not very apparent.
The only one who enjoyed unalloyed satisfaction from the event was
old Mr Porteous. The bank draft convinced him more than a thousand
arguments that there was money in literature, and that his proposed
son-in-law possessed the Open Sesame to its stores. He had far too high
an opinion of his old friend the editor’s sense than to suppose he
would have given twenty pounds for a short sketch unless it was of real
merit. These reflections made him a trifle more cordial to Alfred than
he had yet been; and when he and Nan drove him to the railway station,
they all parted the best of friends, the lovers promising to correspond
punctually as before.




A HUMBLE SPRIG OF NOBILITY.

A RED RIVER STORY.


Towards the close of the last century, Mr Beauchamp, a young Englishman
of good family—a friend of Pitt, Fox, Burke, and Sheridan—entered
a large mercantile house in London with a view, it was supposed,
of ultimately becoming a partner therein. With this firm he passed
the earlier years of his manhood. With the single exception of
having lost both his parents in his youth, he was regarded as a
singularly fortunate individual; and at the age of nineteen he
formed a matrimonial engagement with Julia Middleton, a young lady
of considerable prospective wealth, and of remarkable personal
attractions. But just at the time when an announcement of the marriage
was expected by the friends on both sides, Mr Beauchamp disappeared in
a mysterious manner; and neither the parents nor Miss Middleton had
any explanation of the cause of his disappearance, or whither he had
gone. It was, however, but a nine days’ wonder; and all minds, but one,
ceased to trouble themselves further about the matter. _That_ one was
the poor girl herself, who was deeply attached to her lover. Whenever
any hint was thrown out which cast a doubt over the moral rectitude of
Henry Beauchamp’s character, she indignantly repudiated the idea, and
would believe no evil concerning him that originated in mere conjecture
on the part of the speaker.

It must be borne in mind that at the period of which we are writing,
international communication was not carried on with the same speed
and facility as in these days, and a considerable time elapsed ere it
became known that Henry Beauchamp had embarked for Canada. But of his
real whereabouts nothing was known for years. The facts we are about to
record were divulged to us by a lady to whom we shall hereafter refer.
He had, it appeared, entered into business with a Fur Trading Company,
and with them he passed many years in a country called ‘The Kepigong,’
between Lake Superior and James Bay. Half a century ago, traders were
often men of low type, who led lax and vicious lives. As ill-luck would
have it, it was amongst such a class that the young adventurer chanced
to fall. Out in that wild territory, with no sort of restraint on his
actions, in the midst of lawless and strange companions, he often fell
a victim to their evil influence and example, and his very weakness
and ignorance made him an easy prey to their wiles and cupidity. If he
made money, they cheated him out of it. He was often reduced to the
brink of starvation; and at one period he subsisted for two months on a
miserable species of fish called ‘suckers.’

After countless trials and vicissitudes, he obtained employment at
Lake Winnipeg, where he passed another decade; but even there his evil
genius seemed to pursue him, for he received accidentally the contents
of a loaded gun in his leg, which wound caused him at times great
suffering throughout his whole life. But he was a man of pluck and
courage, and would never yield to any obstacle which perseverance could
overcome. Having resolved to try his fortunes on his own account in a
district involving several hundred miles of travel, he provided himself
with a couple of horses, and set out attended by one serving-man. On
they went till nightfall through a wild uninhabited region, where
nature asserted her right to repose in their wearied limbs and failing
spirits. So, having first picketed their horses, they lay down to
rest in the best shelter they could find. Feeling amply refreshed by
daybreak, they determined to continue their journey with no further
halt till eventide. But alas for their horses! The animals had either
decamped or been stolen, probably the former. After some cogitation as
to the next step to be taken, Mr Beauchamp decided to send his servant
in quest of the animals, whilst he remained at his post. The day
passed, the night pressed onwards, and morning dawned without either
horses or man having appeared. Unprovided with a compass, chart, or
guide of any description, Mr Beauchamp then felt how futile his hopes
must prove—that the poor man had probably lost his way, and that there
would be no more meeting between them.

For a while utterly disconsolate, the solitary traveller bethought him
of retracing his steps; but when he attempted to walk, he found himself
so broken down by fatigue and over-exertion that he could only limp
along, or drag his wearied body on all-fours. Finally, ‘worn out,’ as
he himself expressed it, ‘both in body and mind,’ and when within but
ten miles of his trading-post, he lay down with the fervent hope that
death would put an end to such torture; but not liking the idea of his
body being devoured by wild animals, he crawled about to get together
branches of trees wherewith to cover himself. But in spite of all the
man had suffered, death was still to be balked of its prey. Some Red
Indians fortunately came upon him, and by his discoverers he was kindly
cared for and nourished, and taken to his post, where, after some
weeks, he gradually recovered.

Was it retribution or destiny, or what, that made him again such a
cruel martyr to circumstances in the next episode of his career? After
Lord Selkirk began to colonise the Red River, Mr Beauchamp gave up
his prospects in the Fur Company and turned settler. In opposition
to the Hudson’s Bay Company, another had been formed, called the
North-West Company. Between the two there was great rivalry and
jealousy. At the instigation of some of its people, Mr Beauchamp was
made prisoner, thrown into a dungeon in Fort-William, and from thence
taken to Montese, where his alleged trial was to take place, without
his ever having been told of the crime whereof he was accused. After
weeks of weary waiting and dread expectation, he was set at liberty
without a single question having been put to him, the sole object of
his oppressors having been to detach him from Lord Selkirk’s interest,
which they considered was synonymous with that of the Hudson’s Bay
Company.

Lord Selkirk’s agents having meanwhile discovered that a plot was
hatching at M‘Gillivray’s house in Montreal—and the nucleus of the
North-West Company—to upset altogether the infant settlement at Red
River, Mr Beauchamp volunteered to set off at once and convey the first
intelligence of this Guy Fawkes business to the poor unsuspecting
colonists. To this end, he started for Moose Factory, in James Bay, in
an Indian canoe. When about midway, he was overtaken by the rigours
of a Canadian winter, with all its impediments to continued and safe
travel. He had to walk to the above-named Factory, and thence along the
coast of Hudson’s Bay to Albury, Severn, and York factories, and on to
Red River—a journey of two thousand miles, a feat which only a nature
inured to privation and hardship such as we have described, together
with the substratum of an iron constitution, could possibly have
performed.

On the night of Mr Beauchamp’s arrival at his destination, there
happened to be some kind of bacchanalian revelries going on in true
military style, got up by the commandant at Fort Douglas, Red River.
In these our adventurer took part, but in a way that did not greatly
redound to his credit. Nothing, it may be presumed, was known there of
his antecedents, and as he was heart and soul devoted to Red River,
he was advised to find a wife amongst the native women of Caledonia
residing on the spot. The choice was soon made of a widow, and in the
absence of any clergyman, the knot was tied by the civil magistrate.
Shortly after, his pecuniary affairs being now in a satisfactory
condition, he resolved to return to England. Whilst there, a longing
came over him to see once more the love of his youth and to ask
her forgiveness for the past and the boon of her friendship in his
declining years. More than thirty years had elapsed since they parted,
but the lady had never married. After the death of her parents, she had
come into possession of a fortune, and had a handsome establishment
in Portman Square. There she resided for the rest of her life, and
there, too, she saw again the friend of her youth, and received his
explanation. What that explanation was, never passed her lips. We may
be sure that no man of birth, fortune, and social position would have
sacrificed all for a trifle, and become to all intents and purposes an
outlaw.

It was during this sojourn in England that he formed the plan of a
‘Buffalo Wool Company,’ making himself the managing partner. It turned
out a miniature South Sea Bubble, for it left Mr Beauchamp minus six
thousand pounds. He had returned to Canada in 1820, and an occasional
interchange of letters with Miss Middleton followed. In his perfect
diction and finished phrases there was still much to remind her of
the fascinating polished friend of her youth, from whose pen she had
received an unvarnished account of his strange career. In testimony of
this, a touching record was found amongst her papers at her decease,
which took place some years after that of Mr Beauchamp. When the news
reached him in 1826 of the failure of his last venture, the shock it
gave him reduced his fine athletic form in a few weeks to a shadow. He
was first attacked by delirium, and then fell into a state of absolute
despondency. But his mental faculties completely recovered their power;
and just at the most critical period of his illness, he was received
and cared for by the English chaplain and his wife. When sufficiently
restored, he sought some new means of employment which involved neither
risk nor outlay. His last occupation was the mastership of a private
boarding-school for the families of the Company’s officers at the Red
River. In this way he managed to support himself and his family until
his death. He used to speak of himself to the clergyman’s wife as ‘a
humble sprig of nobility,’ and had ingeniously drawn out a genealogical
tree—still in the possession of this lady’s family—tracing his descent
from Richard Cœur-de-Lion.




A1 AT LLOYD’S.


A1 at Lloyd’s is a sufficiently familiar expression; it meets our eye
in the newspaper paragraph; it stares at us from the wall-placard; and
it haunts us in Fenchurch Street, E.C., Water Street, Liverpool, and
other chosen homes of shipowners. Every one recognises in it a nautical
equivalent for ‘first quality;’ but here information on the subject
usually ends. As Lloyd’s Register of British and Foreign Shipping,
the institution granting the title in question, has not long since
celebrated its jubilee, we believe a short account of the origin of
that undertaking and of the work in which it is engaged may prove of
interest.

The business of underwriting or insuring against marine risks is of
very ancient date; to say that it existed among the Phœnicians takes us
back a long way in the world’s history; and as a necessary preliminary
to legitimate underwriting, as distinguished from mere chance-work,
lies, and must ever have lain, in knowing that the vessel proposed to
be insured is seaworthy, we may also claim for the business of the
ship-surveyor a respectable antiquity.

The primitive underwriter was probably a man with a practical knowledge
of ships, and who, when asked to insure a certain vessel, surveyed it
himself. As business increased, however the inconvenience attending
this system would soon make itself felt, and the obvious expedient of
the underwriter employing a skilled man to make the survey for him
and send in a report, would be adopted. From an underwriter receiving
reports of the condition of individual ships, to his arranging these in
tabular form, is but a step; and from individual underwriters drawing
up such lists for their own guidance, to their agreeing generally to
place them at the service of their brothers in the business, is but
another, although the length of time that elapsed ere this latter
result was reached was doubtless considerable. The oldest classified
list of shipping extant dates only from the beginning of the reign of
George III.; but this document—of which more anon—bears unmistakable
internal evidence of being at the time no novelty.

Our story opens during the early years of the reign of Charles II.;
English colonies across the sea were beginning to prosper; English
commerce, notwithstanding oppressive fiscal laws, was on the increase,
and the business of the underwriter naturally followed. London was
then, as now, the headquarters of the marine insurance business of the
country; and the city coffee-houses, then but of recent origin, were
the common meeting-places of all connected with the shipping interest:
it is the name of the proprietor of one of these establishments that
now lives in that of the great corporation of Lloyd’s.

Edward Lloyd is one of those men of whom we would gladly know more
than history has brought down to us, but of whose personality apart
from his work we know practically nothing, even his proper name having
been lost, until recovered by the researches of a recent writer.
Finding his house in Tower Street regularly frequented by underwriters,
Lloyd—who must have been a man of great ability and foresight—appears
to have formed the resolution of making it the headquarters of the
business; and to this end, gave facilities for meetings, arranged for
sales of vessels and cargoes, started a newspaper, and practically
identified his interests with those of his patrons. The newspaper was
short-lived, being suppressed by government; but his labours were
rewarded by his seeing his establishment—latterly removed to Lombard
Street—the centre of marine insurance business not only for London but
for the kingdom. Three generations of underwriters met at the Lombard
Street coffee-house, and when, in 1770, having formed an association,
they removed to premises of their own, and shortly after to the Royal
Exchange, they took the name of their old headquarters with them; and
thus it has come about that the greatest marine insurance corporation
the world has seen owes its name, and to a certain extent its origin,
to a London coffee-house keeper at the time of the Restoration, to
whose memory the foreign shipowning Companies’ titles of ‘Austrian
Lloyd’s,’ ‘North German Lloyd’s,’ ‘Argentine Lloyd’s,’ &c. are
additional tributes. The classified list of shipping already referred
to as the oldest extant is dated 1764, but is, unfortunately, somewhat
mutilated. The work is arranged in a form very similar to that of
the register books of to-day, giving in parallel columns the name
of the vessel, tonnage, date of building, owner, &c.; and also what
is evidently intended for a character or class, one or other of the
vowels A, E, &c., in conjunction with the letters G, M, or B. The
key to this system of classification is missing; but Mr Martin, the
historian of Lloyd’s, has surmised, with every appearance of justice,
that the vowels refer to the character of the hull of the vessel; and
the accompanying letters, being the initials of the words _good_,
_middling_, and _bad_, to the character of the equipment; AG being thus
a good, well-equipped ship, and UB the reverse.

How to express satisfactorily the condition of a ship by means of
symbols was evidently about this time a disputed point, as in a
register dated four years later an entirely new system appears, the
letters _a_, _b_, _c_ being used in conjunction with the Roman numerals
1, 2, 3, 4. Under this system, _a_1, an approximation to the now
familiar character, represented a good vessel; and _c_4 its antithesis.
Seven years later still, in 1775, the vowels again make their
appearance for expressing the character of the hull, the Roman numerals
being retained, and A1, as the symbol for a first-class ship, comes
on the scene. To decide what shall be the classification letters or
numerals used in describing ships of varying character is one thing; to
give to each ship the class to which it is justly entitled is another
and decidedly more difficult matter. So the London underwriters found;
but instead of treating the question as one in which many interests
were involved, they treated it as concerning themselves alone, and,
during the closing years of last century, came to a decision the sole
merit of which was its simplicity. The London shipbuilders of the day
got a better price for their work than the builders at other ports, and
consequently were able to, and admittedly did, turn out a better ship.
Further, it might be _primâ facie_ supposed that a ship, built even on
the Thames, was not so good after being afloat ten years as on the day
of its launch. Putting these two things together, the compilers of the
Register decided to class ships simply according to their age and where
they were built; such events as a ship newly built on the Tees being
occasionally better than a Thames-built craft of the same size that had
been knocking about the seas for five years; or a thirteen-year-old
ship under good management being actually in better repair and more
seaworthy than an eight-year-old one in careless hands, being held
to be contingencies needless to provide against. It was hardly to be
supposed that the shipowners would agree to a system of classification
which practically placed a monopoly in the hands of certain builders,
and which decreed that existing ships after a certain period would
lose their class, no matter how perfect their state of repair; and the
result of indignation meetings on the subject was the starting of a new
Register of shipping; thereafter known as the ‘Red Book;’ the former,
or underwriters’ register, being known as the ‘Green Book.’ From the
date of founding of the Red Book, the history of ship-classification,
from being fragmentary, becomes continuous; and, had the popular
saying, that competition is the life of trade, been of universal
application, great advance might have been looked for; the law of
supply and demand, however, stopped the way. There was not sufficient
work for the two Registers; each found it difficult to meet its
expenses without taxing its supporters; and although, during the thirty
odd years the rivalry lasted, some advance was made, still, during the
whole of that period the relationships of shipbuilders, shipowners,
shippers, and underwriters one to the other were on an unsatisfactory
footing. Nowadays, it is recognised—and no one thinks of disputing
the justice of the arrangement—that the shipowner, being clearly the
person most interested in his ship bearing a high class, should pay the
expense of all surveys. This apparently elementary truth was, however,
far from being recognised sixty years ago, the opinion then being that
the interested parties were the shippers and underwriters.

After the close of the war with Bonaparte, when privateering was a
thing of the past, and convoys of frigates were no longer required,
the shipping trade of England rapidly increased; each Register was
impelled to keep pace with its rival in adding to its number of ships
registered, and the expense of surveys increased in proportion, the
number of subscribers remaining but little altered. This was the
beginning of the end. By the time that a fourth of the present century
had elapsed, the rival Registers were in a hopeless condition; but
ten years more of trouble and dispute had to pass ere differences
were adjusted, jealousies set at rest; and the ‘Red’ and the ‘Green’
now united, commenced a fresh career of usefulness under the title of
‘Lloyd’s Register of British and Foreign Shipping,’ the new departure
dating from January 1835. The Committee of management of the new
Register was supposed to represent in equal proportions the interests
of the shipowners, shippers, and underwriters, and, so far as London
was concerned, it doubtless did so. With, however, that preference
for men and things metropolitan, not unknown yet on the banks of the
Thames, the interests of the other shipping ports of the United Kingdom
received scant recognition, and the result was the perpetuation of
grievances, the effects of which have lasted to our own day. Of much
greater importance than the mere union of the rival Registers was the
adoption of the system of surveying and classification, which, although
improved in detail to an extent then undreamt of, is in operation
still. It was settled that henceforth vessels were to be classed on
their own merits as at date of survey; that the class should be fixed
by the committee on the report of the surveyor; that vessels built
with a view to class should be under survey during the course of
construction; and that the shipowner should pay the survey fees.

At the date of the founding of Lloyd’s Register, and for untold
generations before, the one material used for building ships was wood.
Long experience had made its properties common knowledge, and it
might reasonably be supposed that shipbuilders would long since have
come to an agreement as to the dimensions, say, of the ribs, keel, or
planking of a ship of given size; such, however, was far from being
the case. Owing, possibly, in part to the fact of ships built at one
port being assumed inferior to those built at another, and the builders
accepting the situation, and certainly in part to the fact that the
rule of thumb was then the leading rule in British naval architecture,
the practice in one part of the country differed widely from that in
another. To induce the adoption of a uniform scale of ship scantlings
founded on the best practice was one of the first tasks attempted
by the Committee; but while its members were yet considering the
proportions of wooden ships, an influence was at work in the world that
was shortly to render their labours of small account. Along with the
old familiar click of the calker’s mallet, the dwellers by river-banks
began to hear mingle a new sound, the rattle of the riveter’s hammer;
and by the time Lloyd’s Register had completed its tenth year of work,
the _Great Britain_ had crossed the Atlantic, and the Iron Age had
come. The ship-designer found his business brought back at a single
step to the experimental stage, and the Committee and surveying staff
of Lloyd’s Register found that they had a new business to learn. It
is probable that every branch of human industry has been, at one
period or another of its history, the subject of trade secrets; iron
shipbuilding in its earlier days was no exception, and, as no builder
thought it his interest to initiate Lloyd’s Register, that body had no
share in the development of the iron ship. This was probably the best
arrangement; the days of competitive tenders and ‘poor man’s ships’
were yet in the future; and the men who launched the _Great Britain_,
the _Persia_, and the _Great Eastern_, were more in a position to teach
than to be taught. In 1844, Lloyd’s Register agreed, for the first
time, to give the A1 class to iron ships built under their survey, on
the surveyors’ report that they were of good and substantial materials
and workmanship; and eleven years later, their first rules for iron
ship-construction were issued.

Landsmen who voyaged in the wooden ships of the past were but too
familiar with the creaking that went on without intermission whenever
weather of a certain degree of roughness was met with. This was due
to a slight rubbing of the timbers one on another, and was no sign
of weakness, it being impossible with a yielding material like wood
to drive bolts absolutely tight. The amount of straining and actual
distortion that a wooden ship might undergo and yet remain fairly
seaworthy, was astonishing; and a go-ahead skipper preferred a
springy ship to a stiff one. With iron, the conditions were entirely
changed; rigidity proved essential to safety, and loose fastenings
were fatal. It was this necessity for rigidity that made it possible
to frame constructive rules from the observation of the behaviour
of comparatively _new_ ships, old and tried ones not being then in
existence. On examining an iron ship after a single voyage, the
surveyor, provided always the painter had not been at work before
his arrival, could point unchallenged to the weak points of her
structure—started joints, cracked plates, and bent bars, telling their
tale only too plainly. For reasons which are not far to seek, but
which need not be entered upon here, the rules for the construction
of iron vessels issued by Lloyd’s Register in 1855 did not meet the
success their framers intended. Greatly improved rules were issued in
1863; but it was not until 1870 that the Committee emancipated itself
from various obsolete ideas, and, under the guidance of the honoured
gentleman who now holds the position of Secretary to the Register,
issued rules in the form now existing. Various editions of these
rules appeared from time to time, each more comprehensive than its
predecessor; for some years past they have been issued annually; and
those now current leave little to be desired so far as completeness
is concerned. Lloyd’s Register grants three leading classes—namely,
100A, 90A, and 80A; the numeral 1, making 100A1, being added to keep
up the time-honoured classification mark. The system of classification
a century ago provided, as we have seen, for differing qualities
of outfit in ships otherwise bearing the same character, and the
numerals 1, 2, 3, &c. were used accordingly; but the fact has come to
be recognised that a good ship with a bad or insufficient outfit is
practically a bad ship, and the 100A class is not granted unless the
outfit be up to the requirements of the numeral 1.

In addition to the above-named classes, Lloyd’s Register will survey
and grant the class A for a vessel designed for almost any desired
service, the plans being submitted for their approval; for instance,
the swift steamers that carry the mails in connection with the
South-Eastern Railway are classed ‘A. Folkestone and Boulogne Passenger
Service.’ These special classes, however, are not taken advantage of
to any great extent.—Two classes of surveys are held—the ‘Ordinary’
and the ‘Special.’ The first consists in a given number of visits paid
to a ship at certain periods during construction; the second, in a
systematic inspection of the vessel at short intervals, from the time
of laying the keel to that of certifying to the anchors and cables
being the proper weight. The first of these, as might be imagined, is
open to various drawbacks; and few shipowners who desire a class at
Lloyd’s hesitate to incur the somewhat greater expense of a ‘special
survey,’ which, as it includes the machinery also if the vessel be a
steamer, practically saves the expense of a private inspector. Lloyd’s
survey only extends to the _structure_ of the ship, and takes no
account of the fitting-up of the cabins and other work connected with
the accommodation or comfort of crew and passengers; the class meaning
simply that, in the opinion of the Committee, the ship is strong and
seaworthy. The work of surveying is carried on in the United Kingdom
by about one hundred surveyors, who give their whole time to it; in
addition, about three-fourths of this number scattered throughout the
world give their services in part. The Committee of management, whose
headquarters is in Cornhill, consists of fifty members, representing
the different ports of the country, although by no means in proportion
to their relative standing, London securing about half the total
representation. The Register Book, which represents the results of
the labours of Committee and surveyors, is a ponderous volume, and
gives the particulars of all the vessels now afloat that have received
Lloyd’s classification, in addition to the particulars of numbers of
other vessels not so classed; in fact, the Register Book is a great
shipping directory, the ship, not the owner, being the leading feature.

Lloyd’s Register is not alone in the field of surveying and classifying
ships. Liverpool up till a year ago had a registry of its own, the
‘Liverpool Underwriters’ Registry.’ This has now united itself with
Lloyd’s Register, a fact which, for some reasons, is to be regretted.
Paris is the headquarters of the ‘Bureau Veritas,’ an undertaking
whose classification is in repute in Scandinavia, North Germany, the
Netherlands, and France; and which maintains a staff of surveyors in
the United Kingdom. This undertaking is not a representative one,
and on this ground has been objected to. It is doing useful work,
nevertheless; and its system of classification is superior to Lloyd’s,
inasmuch as it takes into account the service for which the vessel is
intended. A kindred institution to the ‘Bureau Veritas’ looks after
the shipping of Italy, and is known in this country as the ‘Italian
Veritas;’ while the ‘American Lloyd’s’ controls to a certain extent the
building of ships on the Delaware, but is unknown in this country, on
account of the well-known navigation laws by which only native-built
craft can sail under the stars and stripes.

Classification Societies are not an unmixed benefit to the community,
still less have they an unmixed influence for good on the design of
ships. Theoretically perfect rules would proportion the strength of
every individual ship to the _work_ it had to do; but, as Lloyd’s
Committee, through whose hands the designs for over eight hundred
ships probably pass in the course of a year, have no possible time for
going into such detail, standard types of vessel have been adopted,
the designs submitted being compared with these on the basis of their
_dimensions_ alone. The natural result of this is that ships are in
many cases built to suit Lloyd’s type; and the art of the ship-designer
but too often has degenerated into getting the maximum of advantage out
of certain dimensions which are known to bring the vessel just within
the limits of one of these types.

In the days gone by, ships were built for a certain trade, and kept
at it, the East Indiaman, the West Indiaman, and the Atlantic packet
seldom interfering with each other. The leading steamship Companies
naturally adhere to this system still; but, during recent years,
hundreds of individually owned ships have been set afloat, designed for
no special trade, but simply to carry the maximum cargo on the minimum
cost wherever a freight offers itself. It is largely from the necessity
of making its rules applicable to these privateers of trade that the
frequently grumbled-at oppressiveness of Lloyd’s Register arises. This
brings us to notice that some first-class steamship Companies do not
class their vessels at all; and it may cause surprise to many to know
that of those steamers whose rapid passages across the Atlantic have
made their names familiar, the majority are _not_ A1 at Lloyd’s. The
reason for this is simply, that a skilful designer who knows thoroughly
the requirements of the service for which a ship is intended can always
turn out a better and more economical vessel than one built to class,
a fact which more of the leading steamship Companies will doubtless
come to recognise before long. The rules of Lloyd’s Register for the
construction of iron vessels are growing in stringency from year to
year; a vessel built to class ten years ago, and which has proved her
efficiency by doing the work for which she was designed during all that
period without a complaint, would, if built to-day, require a large
percentage of additional weight put into her structure to bring her
strength up to the demands of the current rules. That this is so is due
to the fact that, up till quite recently, Lloyd’s Register has taken
account of one element only out of the several that the question of
the safety of a ship on the ocean involves. For years past, the aim of
the Committee has been to take from the shipbuilder more and more of
the responsibility which he at one time bore for the strength of the
vessels he builds, until now his share is practically _nil_; while it
has been but too evident for years past, from the disclosures that now
and again have been elicited before the Commissioner of Wrecks, that a
good ship may be badly stowed, overloaded, or undermanned, and, under
such circumstances, be in much greater danger from sea-risks than a far
inferior ship in good hands.

The aim of Lloyd’s Register is the protection of the shippers and
underwriters against undue risks, and the present high rates of marine
insurance show that this protection is not what it might be. If the
trouble and expense now devoted to securing strong vessels are not to
continue to be thrown away, as they certainly are at present in a fair
percentage of cases, the Committee will require to take steps to insure
that a ship bearing their highest class shall not take the sea with a
cargo badly stowed, an insufficient crew, or too little freeboard. The
question of freeboard is already engaging attention; the other points
cannot long be left in their present state; and the day will then come
when shippers will think with wonder on the times when premiums at the
rate of ten per cent. were paid for insuring cargoes in ships that were
100A1 at Lloyd’s.




DESTRUCTIVE INSECTS.


The Agricultural Department has issued two Reports by Mr C. Whitehead,
F.L.S., F.G.S., dealing with Destructive Insects. The first of these
treats of ‘Insects Injurious to Hop-plants.’ In the opinion of
the writer, there is an increased and increasing risk of loss and
destruction from injurious insects to many of the crops cultivated in
this country. We scarcely grow anything exempt from the ravages of
these pests. They attack corn of all kinds, fruit-trees, hop-plants,
clover, turnips, mangold-wurzel, &c. Although some kinds are well
known and long known, others are new, or, at anyrate, they have only
recently been noticed. In certain instances they appear to have been
imported with the plant, as, for example, the mangold-wurzel fly,
_Anthomyia betæ_, which, within the last five years—contrary to the
opinion of Curtis, who, writing in 1859, thought its injuries would
not be of much consequence—has wrought much mischief. The turnip-fly
again, which originally fed upon charlock and other cruciferous plants,
has now quitted these, because the turnip supplies more suitable food.
With its increased cultivation, this fly has multiplied enormously,
as the farmer knows to his cost, for, in seasons favourable to its
development, it sometimes destroys whole fields and causes great loss.

Cultivation is not only favourable to such old offenders, but it seems
to have introduced entirely new ones; at least, the farmer now finds
that wheat, clover, and other crops raised by rotation in the same
fields, suffer injuries from insects, which, if they existed formerly,
escaped notice. It may be, however, that the scientific spirit of late
introduced into agriculture has only just discovered what in many cases
has always been going on. At the same time, it is universally admitted
that the destruction occasioned by insects is larger than ever it was,
and that there are insects at work in the fields which were little, if
at all, known to our forefathers.

One very good reason for the progressive increase of agricultural
plagues is that they multiply proportionately at a much quicker rate
than the plants on which they feed. We are actually rearing them
artificially, and the problem is how to cultivate crops without at
the same time cultivating these parasites. High-farming, by pampering
plants, no doubt renders them more delicate and more liable to attack;
but perhaps we help to make our own trouble by not exercising ordinary
caution. Certain it is that destructive insects are imported into, as
they are exported out of, this country. The agricultural produce which
we bring from various parts of the world must contain many unwelcome
visitors, though, fortunately, our climate does not agree with the
majority of them. Like the famous Colorado Beetle, even if allowed a
fair chance, they would scarcely thrive. Others there are with the
Scotsman’s reputation of being able to do well anywhere. They only
require a suitable plant to feel perfectly at home. They sometimes get
‘assisted’ emigration at the cost of their favourites, like the hop
aphis, which was introduced into America among hop-roots sent from
England. The former country has by entomologists been styled ‘the home
of insects;’ but, to Europe’s loss, one highly interesting though
destructive American crossed the Atlantic—namely, the phylloxera, so
destructive to vines. An individual that undergoes various puzzling
transformations is not readily identified, and the hop aphis, having
these disguises, has alarming opportunities of getting a footing where
it is least wanted. Indeed, all such destructive insects should receive
more study than they have hitherto obtained. Within the last few years,
scale insects were introduced into the Californian orange groves from
Australia; and orange, citron, and lemon growers in other parts of the
world are now complaining of pests of a similar nature. Considering
the evil which has been already accomplished, it is highly important
that farmers, fruit-growers, gardeners, and all who cultivate the land
should be made acquainted with all that is known regarding the insects
which attack their several crops.

The hop-plant in particular has many enemies, some of them so
destructive, that if not checked, they would soon ruin the grower.
Within the last thirty years, it is believed the liability of this
plant to attack by insects has considerably increased. Hop-planters
assert that insects now destroy their crops which were not known in
the plantations until recently. Mr Whitehead selects ten of the most
troublesome species, and gives descriptions of each insect, together
with its life-history, its modes of attack, and the injury to the hop
resulting therefrom; also a detailed account of methods of prevention,
and of measures which have been found efficacious in stopping or
alleviating these attacks.

Mr Whitehead originally intended to confine his second Report to
insects injurious to corncrops; but as the work progressed, it was
found desirable to include those destructive to grasscrops, as some
insects are common to both. While dealing with cereals, he also thought
it well to treat pulse, under which title are included plants such as
peas, beans, and tares, and to describe the principal insects which
affect them, especially as they are all crops liable to be attacked
by the same insects. A description of a genus the most injurious to
different kinds of clover, is also given. To include comparatively
harmless insects in a work which is intended not so much for scientific
purposes as to enlighten farmers and others regarding the pests which
molest them most, was not necessary. For sufficient reasons it has
been found most expedient neither to arrange them alphabetically nor
according to a recognised scientific classification, but to take
the insects of each group as far as possible in the order of their
injurious effects. Indeed, there are included what, in the scientific
acceptation of the term, are not insects at all. But the Report was
written to convey useful and practical instruction to the cultivators
of the soil, and wisely it was done in the manner which was likely
to benefit them most. ‘With regard to these’ (the chief pests),
Mr Whitehead writes, ‘it has been endeavoured to collect all the
information that is known about them, and to bring this down to the
latest date. It is believed that each monograph is a _résumé_ of all
that is known of its subject, of its life-history, and the means of
prevention, and remedies against it. It is admitted that in several
instances the information is still imperfect; and in compiling this
series of Reports, I have been more than ever impressed with the
necessity of enlisting skilled workers in this cause, as well as
of urging and encouraging habits of observation amongst those who
superintend the cultivation of the land and those who work upon it.’




A NURSE.


    A nurse, a simple nurse; to the unthinking
      Only a nurse, and nothing but a name:
    A patient woman in her round of duty,
      Living and dying all unknown to fame.

    Only a nurse, a messenger of mercy,
      An angel sent unto our suffering race,
    With quiet step, and tender hand of healing,
      Divinest pity on her gentle face.

    When all the world lies wrapt in quiet slumber,
      Save the poor sufferer moaning on his bed,
    Whose watchful eye with Christian love keeps vigil
      Through the long night with silent softened tread?

    Only a nurse, in duty all unshrinking;
      Before such scenes, man’s stouter heart would quail:
    See there! that sweet, fair girl, in sorest trial
      Is at her post, nor will her courage fail.

    The fever we but terror-struck encounter,
      Or fly before with selfish, coward dread;
    While nurse and doctor hasten to the rescue,
      And stand unflinching by the stricken bed.

    Hark! that weird bell—an accident at midnight;
      The nurse and doctor, wakeful, close at hand,
    Who minister to suffering or dying,
      The hospital’s heroic little band!

    There you or I may in our need find refuge,
      With kindly help and loving tender care;
    Respect we give those brave, unselfish women,
      And night and day, remember them in prayer.

            E. M. C.

       *       *       *       *       *

Printed and Published by W. & R. CHAMBERS, 47 Paternoster Row, LONDON,
and 339 High Street, EDINBURGH.

       *       *       *       *       *

_All Rights Reserved._





*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CHAMBERS'S JOURNAL OF POPULAR LITERATURE, SCIENCE, AND ART, FIFTH SERIES, NO. 146, VOL. III, OCTOBER 16, 1886 ***


    

Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.


START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg™
electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person
or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the
Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg™ work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work
on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
    other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
    whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
    of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online
    at www.gutenberg.org. If you
    are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws
    of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
  
1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg™ License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format
other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain
Vanilla ASCII” or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
provided that:

    • You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
        the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method
        you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
        to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has
        agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
        within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
        legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
        payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
        Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
        Literary Archive Foundation.”
    
    • You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
        you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
        does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™
        License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
        copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
        all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™
        works.
    
    • You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
        any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
        electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
        receipt of the work.
    
    • You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
        distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.
    

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right
of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS’, WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™

Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org.

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.

The Foundation’s business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg™ depends upon and cannot survive without widespread
public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular state
visit www.gutenberg.org/donate.

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate.

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg™ electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg™ concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg™ eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg™ eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org.

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg™,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.


